[Music]
[Applause]
it was the perfect crime
but the Miami detectives Marcus Burnett
and Mike Lowrey who knows the Esme award
it was the ultimate nightmare
it's our career buster hundred million
dollars just do what you do only faster
let's try to do this right no gunshots
you know if I recall correctly the last
couple dead bad guys belong to you
you ain't even trying to compare body
counts this case we got 72 hours before
the FBI and the DEA walk in here and
shut us down
[Music]
murder
and this witness you you ain't with the
bad guys with the cops
can you stay
okay yeah
to the ultimate test
[Music]
Columbia Pictures presents too much bass
in your voice
that's careful we were wondering if we
can borrow some brown sugar
miss miss you see you do something don't
you
we'll be served
[Music]
justice will be done
and boys will be boys bad boys what you
gonna do
[Music]
you